Good day everyone.
We're going to venture into a very unique method but very popular as well.
Sometimes it's not utilize enough I believe especially when you're dealing with linear regression that's
not working with data that's normal at all and there's lots and lots of outliers.
This method is called regularized methods for regression without going into a low in math.
I just want to highlight three different types of regularization method and when to use them.
And I think that's probably as deep as I want a goal.
The Times pass I have a tendency to probably explore the math part of it.
I'm a math geek.
What do you do.
And that probably 10 a fair few people off.
I don't want to do that.
I want you to be able to make use of the method and not get bogged down by the details at all.
Ultimately none of us really want to know how the car engine work and you know and the so-called percentage
efficiency of it.
And also what's burning.
And IBM and all of the details most of them most of us just want to get in a car start the car and get
me from point A to Point B that's really all that we want to know.
So I'm going to focus here in this lesson on three race regression lease square shrink kitchen selection
operator which is a really terrible name which is called Lysol or a SS or in the fast last one is called
elastic net so that those are the three that I'm really going to just throw out in there.
Let me just highlight the difference between rich regression and loss.
What let Rich regression trying to do is minimize this term.
Okay.
This is what's core the square.
Get to the bar of two.
Okay so this is what we're actually trying to minimize here.
It is okay.
Also called the L to penalize method compared this to last.
So notice there's no square.
This is the L 1 penalize regularize.
Whereas a elastic net combined the two which you have the square as well as no square which is it's
fairly straightforward or highlighted here.
Not exactly straightforward but you can see what I mean.
K going in to T.
Integration development pot.
I want to show you the outliers okay.
The actual impact of it not foam.
Okay.
And just illustrate you know if we just do a straight linear regression this is a simple linear regression.
Okay I'm gonna add some outliers.
If you look at the outliers that's been added here.
Notice that the coefficient goes from zero point four seven to one point five the whole line has been
tilted pushed down this way and push up this way because of this outlier here.
Now if we look at rich regression it doesn't actually well it didn't it did more for us to move but
not as bad as linear regression.
If we come back to the fact of the outlier is from point 4 7 to 1.
Okay not as bad as the one point five.
Okay.
So this is risk regression.
So this this regularized method basically restrict the actual movement it doesn't allow it to flow so
easily that way it's not so poorly or badly penalized by this outlier and this outlier.
Okay.
So let me just look at lasso last so likewise is very similar to rich regression.
It wasn't it's still affected but not as badly affected as the linear regression on its own.
So if we look at Elastic net and you will see that it is 60 it performed the best of the two.
Basically it actually combines the two method altogether.
So from point four seven is to a slightly affected point for seven point four nine for memory or moved
to point seven four instead of one point five.
So really in summary when should I use loss or ritual lasting and I've got this answer from Stack Exchange
you can Google it and you will be able to actually get the answer as well.
Now there is regression can zero out coefficients you either end up including all the fish coefficient
in the model or none of them less so on the other hand does both permit shrinkage and variable selection
automatically.
Okay.
And if some of your covariance are highly correlated you may want to look at Elastic net which is a
combination of lasso as well as the bridge itself so I hope that actually provides some foundation for
you to explore not necessarily answer all your questions.
You might not even have a really deep understanding of the rage or loss or I highly doubt that you have.
But at the very least I think this lesson hopefully will provide you with some exposure to understand
that in the future if should you come across lots and lots of outliers you few that is a city having
a major impact on your model.
You can stop think about Hey Anthony mentioned that there is such a thing called regularized regression
method.
I can remember when there was rich or Lasso of elastic net.
Let me go back to this lesson and dig into it a little bit more or if I can find this lesson anymore
I can google rich or regularized regression.
So if I have achieved that that's really what I want you to X to get out of this lesson.
Not so much the intricacy of it but just develop enough intuition and understanding so that you remember
there's such a thing called regularized regression to solve the problem of outliers problem with it.
Thank you.
Really appreciate that.
You pay attention rights road is probably not easy and I know it's actually not easy to follow along
all that math especially you are not mathematically inclined and I hope you know this lesson help you
somewhat in solving some of the common problems in machine learning.
Thank you so much.